1
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 Update
As part of its commitment to create products with net zero carbon impact by 2030, Apple is investing directly in renewable energy to cover the electricity  
our customers use when charging Apple products. In fiscal year 2022, Apple invested in this large-scale solar project in Brown County, Texas.Annual Green Bond 
Impact Report
Fiscal Year 2022 Update
2
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 Update
Contents
Apple’s green bonds  2
Process for selecting projects and quantifying benefits  3
Cumulative allocation and benefits 4
Featured projects 5
Appendix 12
•Sustainalytics Review 13
•Ernst & Young LLP Use of Proceeds Examination 19
2 Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 UpdateApple’s green bonds
Apple is committed to leaving the world better than we found it, 
and that commitment is considered in everything we do — from 
how we design our products to the processes we use to make 
and recycle them.
We have long sought to model how businesses can lead in 
driving the reduction of global carbon emissions, and our green 
bonds have helped Apple to demonstrate that leadership. We issued our first $1.5 billion green bond in February 2016 and 
our second $1 billion green bond in June 2017 to help advance 
projects to mitigate our impact on climate change and inspire 
others to do the same. Both of these green bonds are now  
fully allocated.
In November 2019, we proceeded with our third green 
bond issuance, and our first in Europe — raising €2 billion 
(approximately $2.2 billion) across two tranches (the “2019 
Green Bond”). The 2019 Green Bond supports environmental 
efforts across the company, as well as our ambitious goal to 
reach carbon neutrality across Apple’s entire carbon footprint, 
including the full product life cycle, by 2030.
1 We first aim to 
leverage product design and engineering, energy efficiency, renewable energy, and direct emissions abatement to reduce 
emissions by 75 percent by 2030, compared with fiscal year 
2015. We then plan to address residual emissions by investing 
in carbon removal solutions. 
This year’s annual impact report covers the cumulative 
allocation of Apple’s 2019 Green Bond proceeds to 
environmental projects that incurred spend between  
September 29, 2019, and September 24, 2022 — Apple’s 
2022, 2021, and 2020 fiscal years.
 
$4.7  billion
Since February 2016, Apple has 
issued a total of $4.7 billion in  
green bonds, with over $3.2 billion allocated to date. 
3
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 UpdateProcess for selecting projects 
and quantifying benefits
The 2019 Green Bond proceeds are intended to prioritize projects that 
mitigate our carbon emissions, including supporting the execution of 
Apple’s 2030 carbon neutrality roadmap. Our Environment, Policy and 
Social Initiatives team leads an annual evaluation and project selection process to identify projects eligible for green bond proceeds. The final 
allocation of net proceeds to eligible projects is determined by our vice 
president of Environment, Policy and Social Initiatives, based on each project’s alignment with the 2019 Green Bond eligibility criteria:
•“Low carbon” design and engineering
•Energy efficiency
•Renewable energy
•Carbon mitigation
•Carbon sequestration
Apple allocated proceeds to a variety of project types across the eligible 
categories, including operational projects with immediate direct carbon 
benefits, capacity-building projects that enable suppliers to achieve carbon emissions reductions, and research and development that will 
unlock future carbon reductions once scaled. 
Starting in fiscal year 2022, we’re changing our methodology for 
quantifying the benefits of eligible projects to a project lifetime 
calculation. We believe a lifetime calculation to be a better method of 
quantifying the impact of these projects compared to the prior calculation methodology that entailed estimating annual emissions reductions, as our 
projects range from 1 to 25 years — well beyond the maturity of the bond 
and related impact reporting. Accordingly, going forward, for projects with a direct carbon benefit we’re quantifying the total carbon benefit 
over the project’s lifetime by estimating the annual carbon emissions 
reductions of each project
2 and multiplying it by the project’s expected 
lifetime based on the underlying contracts. We’re also quantifying the 
new renewable energy capacity we’re adding to the grid through the 
renewable energy projects to which we’ve allocated green bond proceeds based on the terms of our agreements with project developers.
4 Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 Update  * A number of projects to which 2019 Green Bond proceeds were allocated since issuance are dedicated to research 
and development, capacity building, and policy advocacy. These types of projects have an indirect carbon benefit  
and therefore are not reflected in the Projected Environmental Benefits quantified above.
** As outlined on page 3, we’re newly reporting greenhouse gas emissions mitigated or offset over the lifetime of 
projects funded by the 2019 Green Bond. We believe this metric more accurately captures the benefits of the 2019 
Green Bond, as many of the funded projects have lifetimes well beyond the maturity of the bond and related impact 
reporting. Lifetime greenhouse gas emissions mitigated or offset includes the combined impact of all projects over  
the course of their lifetimes, which range from 1 to 25 years.2019 Green Bond  
Cumulative Allocation
Fiscal year 2022 update
Projects
$706.5 million
(~32% allocated)
By Eligibility Category (in millions)3
Low-carbon  
design$57.2
Energy  
efficiency$4.9
Renewable 
energy4$589.7
Carbon  
mitigation$7.2
Carbon  
sequestration$47.5
Projected Environmental Benefits5 
The 59 projects to which Apple allocated 2019 Green Bond funds since issuance  
are estimated to result in the following direct environmental benefits. *
13,585,915** 
metric tons CO2e
Lifetime greenhouse gas emissions 
to be mitigated or offset6 707  MW
Installed renewable  
energy capacity59
5
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 UpdateFeatured projects
In fiscal year 2022, we continued to expand the projects that support our 
2030 carbon neutrality goal, with investments in R&D, renewable energy, 
and other environmental initiatives. What follows are select examples 
of the projects to which Apple allocated 2019 Green Bond funds in 
fiscal year 2022. While we introduced nine new projects in fiscal year 
2022, the majority of our spend was allocated to continuing long-term 
environmental initiatives necessary to reach our carbon neutrality goal. 
The full list of projects with detailed descriptions and key performance 
indicators was provided to Sustainalytics for their second-party review 
(see the Appendix for the Sustainalytics Review Statement).
Product use
The electricity that our customers use to charge their Apple devices 
represents 22 percent of Apple’s gross carbon footprint.7 While  
increased energy efficiency helps drive down emissions from product 
use, we’re also taking steps to address the emissions that remain  
through renewable energy. In the U.S., we’ve allocated green bond 
proceeds to our investment in the 320-megawatt, 2300-acre IP Radian 
Solar project in Brown County, Texas. Over the next several years, we  
aim to procure enough renewable energy to power all Apple devices  
in Europe and the U.S. with clean electricity, while continuing to power 
corporate offices, retail stores, and data centers with 100 percent 
renewable electricity.
Recycled materials
The use of recycled materials is central to our goal of making carbon-
neutral products by 2030. Incorporating recovered materials into our 
design process has already helped us lower the carbon footprint of 
the products we create. But to maximize the use of recycled content, 
additional research and development is needed to address challenges 
of retaining the material purity necessary for use in Apple products, as 
impurities are often introduced in the material scrap recovery process. 
In fiscal year 2022, we allocated green bond funds to projects that are 
investigating ways to remove such impurities from materials so they  
can be reused in Apple products instead of being downcycled.
6
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 UpdateLow-carbon aluminum
As part of Apple’s commitment to reducing the environmental impact 
of our products through innovation, we’ve partnered with aluminum 
companies and the governments of Canada and Quebec to invest in 
ELYSIS  — a joint venture between Rio Tinto and Alcoa — to commercialize 
patented technology that eliminates direct greenhouse gas emissions 
from the traditional smelting process. This is a revolutionary 
advancement in the manufacturing of one of the world’s most widely 
used metals. Since our collaboration began in 2018, we’ve helped 
accelerate the development of this technology by facilitating the  
joint partnership and providing initial funding and ongoing technical 
support. We continue to support this project, disbursing additional  
funds in fiscal year 2022 toward our original $10 million commitment.
Following our announcement to do so in spring 2022,8 Apple shipped 
iPhone SE devices using ELYSIS  aluminum, building on our 2019 purchase 
from the first-ever commercial batch of aluminum resulting from the joint 
venture, which was used in the production of the 16-inch MacBook Pro. 
The commercial-purity aluminum used in these products is the first to be 
manufactured without creating any direct carbon emissions during the 
smelting process. Throughout the past year, ELYSIS  has also continued 
to make progress within its industrial research and development center 
in Quebec — enabling the venture to begin producing commercial-purity 
primary aluminum at industrial scale — and continued construction of  
its larger commercial-scale prototype cells.
Apple’s green bonds have helped spur a breakthrough in the production of aluminum, creating oxygen instead of greenhouse gases in the smelting process.
7
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 UpdateRenewable energy projects to support Apple’s facilities
Since 2018,10 all of our offices, retail stores, and data centers across  
44 countries have sourced 100 percent renewable electricity. We continue 
to invest in renewable energy projects to keep pace with the growth of 
Apple’s facilities and add new electricity to the grids in which we operate 
around the world. In fiscal year 2022, we allocated part of the 2019  
Green Bond proceeds to a range of projects intended to maintain our  
goal of using 100 percent renewable electricity for our corporate facilities. 
For projects representing a long-term financial commitment, we allocated  
2019 Green Bond proceeds based on the net present value of the  
project’s cost as of the time the project became operational. 
For example, in fiscal year 2022, we allocated 2019 Green Bond  
proceeds to:
•  Energy storage in California:  To help address the intermittency in 
renewable electricity production, we’ve invested in utility-scale storage  
in California and in research on new energy storage technologies.  
The California storage project — an industry-leading, grid-scale  
energy storage project capable of storing 240 megawatt-hours of 
electricity — became operational in fiscal year 2022. This project 
supports our 130-megawatt California Flats solar farm, which provides  
all of our renewable energy in California, by storing excess energy 
generated during the day and deploying it when it is most needed.
Apple has powered its global corporate operations with 100 percent renewable energy since 2018,  
 and is working with its global supply chain to expand clean power around the world.
8
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 Update•  Solar project in Arizona: We've entered into a long-term power  
purchase agreement with Salt River Project for a 7.2-megawatt portion 
of the 100-megawatt Central Line Solar project in Pinal County, Arizona. 
Apple’s investment played an important role in initiating the project,  
and we're now one of several large customers who are sourcing  
renewable electricity from the project to help power their facilities.
Reducing emissions in Apple’s supply chain
Emissions from our manufacturing supply chain represent over  
70 percent of Apple’s comprehensive carbon footprint, of which  
electricity use is the single largest contributor. We’ve worked to  
address these manufacturing emissions through targeted supplier  
programs, like the Supplier Clean Energy Program and the Supplier 
Energy Efficiency Program. In fiscal year 2022, we continued  
to allocate green bond proceeds to both of these programs.
While we know there’s much work still to do, we continue to make  
consistent and significant progress. Currently over 200 suppliers have 
committed to using 100 percent renewable energy for their entire Apple 
production footprint, representing more than 70 percent of companies 
on Apple’s Supplier List — those suppliers that make up 98 percent of 
Apple’s direct spend for materials, manufacturing, and assembly of  
our products worldwide. In October 2022, we shared details with the  
executives of our major manufacturing partners about our expectation 
that our suppliers decarbonize their entire Apple footprint by 2030, 
including all scope 1 and 2 emissions.
Supplier Energy Efficiency Program
The Supplier Energy Efficiency Program, launched in 2015, aims to 
help optimize our suppliers’ energy use by focusing on approaches to 
reduce energy use and avoid energy waste. We help suppliers uncover 
opportunities for energy efficiency projects and assist them with 
assessments and technical issues where appropriate. Typical energy 
efficiency projects may include replacing outdated or inefficient heating, 
cooling, and lighting systems; repairing compressed air leaks; and 
recovering waste heat.
9
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 UpdateSupplier Clean Energy Program
Our Supplier Clean Energy Program helps enable suppliers’ transition  
to clean, renewable electricity through levers such as policy advocacy, 
information about renewable energy procurement options, data insights, 
and engagement opportunities with renewable energy experts. 
• Capacity building. We work to share with our suppliers the knowledge 
we’ve gained through our own transition to 100 percent renewable 
energy. Our clean energy training program offers updates on available 
energy procurement options in suppliers’ markets, helps them prepare 
for upcoming renewable energy pilots, and provides guidance from 
local experts on implementation. This program supplements our Clean 
Energy Portal, which is available to all suppliers and provides training 
materials, resources, and country-specific information to guide them  
in their transition to renewable energy. In 2022, we announced plans  
to donate these resources to create a first-of-its-kind public training 
platform that is free for businesses across many different industries, 
ensuring that companies of all sizes — in Apple’s supply chain and 
beyond — will have access to resources and advocacy networks. And 
we support the creation and growth of renewable energy and carbon 
industry associations that our suppliers can join to learn about local 
opportunities. By connecting our suppliers and other companies with 
resources to help them assess their performance and opportunities to 
transition to renewable energy, our teams are scaling impact not only 
across our own supply chain, but in supply chains around the globe.
• Advocating for strong policy.  Government policies and rules can  
present some of the most significant barriers to transitioning to  
renewables. We lend our voice and stand with other companies and 
NGOs to break down local, regional, and national policy barriers to 
achieve thriving clean energy markets with, for example, enhanced  
grid resiliency and greater energy innovation. In fiscal year 2022, we 
allocated 2019 Green Bond proceeds to policy advocacy efforts in 
Japan, Vietnam, and South Korea.
• Expanding renewable energy opportunities. We’re helping our  
suppliers find renewable energy solutions and make the right  
investments to address their specific needs. When we face barriers  
in accessing cost-effective clean energy, we innovate. That’s why  
we developed the China Clean Energy Fund, for example. The fund 
enables Apple and our suppliers to invest in clean energy in China. As 
of March 2022, the fund has invested in 465 megawatts of renewable 
electricity projects. In fiscal year 2022, we invested additional green 
bond proceeds into the fund.
10
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 UpdateNature-based solutions
To reach carbon neutrality for our products by 2030, we’re investing in 
projects that create additional carbon removal through Apple’s Restore 
Fund. In partnership with Conservation International and Goldman 
Sachs, we’ve invested with three high-quality forestry managers in Brazil and Paraguay to restore 150,000 acres of sustainably certified working 
forests and protect around 100,000 acres of native forests, grasslands, 
and wetlands. Together, these initial forestry projects are forecast to remove 1 million metric tons of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere in 
2025. We aim for these projects to become certified under the Verified 
Carbon Standard (VCS) and the Climate, Community & Biodiversity Standards (CCBS).
Manufacturing efficiency
Reducing material waste and increasing energy efficiency in our  
product manufacturing processes in turn reduces the carbon intensity 
of our assembled products. This is an essential element to reducing 
Apple’s overall carbon footprint. In fiscal year 2022, we continued to allocate green bond funds to a number of projects researching improved 
efficiency in manufacturing processes. These projects are aimed at 
creating less waste in the processing of different materials, reducing machining time and the associated energy used, more efficiently 
transforming material into the shapes we need, and maximizing recovery 
and reprocessing of manufacturing scrap. Once successfully developed, we plan to deploy these improved processes at scale at our supplier 
facilities.
Carbon footprint modeling improvements
As our low-carbon manufacturing processes evolve, so do our 
techniques for measuring Apple’s footprint. We again allocated green 
bond funds in fiscal year 2022 to several projects intended to improve 
the fidelity, scalability, speed, and breadth of Apple’s carbon models, and to improve the carbon modeling of Apple’s use of new recycled 
content in products.
Suppliers in China have joined Apple in investing in clean energy projects — like this one in Sichuan province — as 
part of their commitment to transitioning to 100 percent renewable electricity for Apple production.
Report Notes
1.W e plan to reach net zero beginning with our fiscal year 2030 carbon footprint.
2.Not es on Projected Environmental Benefits:
• W e estimated future environmental benefits of projects that are not yet fully operational,
 inc luding carbon emissions avoided, energy capacity, and annual renewable energy
generation. To estimate carbon emissions avoided for renewable energy projects and
RECs, we use regional grid emissions factors as well as projections for annual electricitygeneration or the MWh associated with REC. To estimate carbon emissions avoided fromthe Restore Fund, we conservatively estimated the total carbon sequestration potentialover the lifetime of the project. There is inherent uncertainty in all of these projections.Projects dedicated to research and development or capacity building are not quantified,as their carbon benefit — while often sizable — is indirect and may take place acrossApple’s global supply chain.
•  Pr oceeds from Apple’s 2019 Green Bond were allocated to new and ongoing projects.
For ongoing, multiyear projects, we included the spend that occurred during the fiscalyear allocation period and the estimated environmental benefits of the entire completedproject.
3. The Gr een Bond allocations above do not capture financial returns from project
investments. As a result, the information provided does not capture a full view of
the net abatement costs to Apple.
4. R enewable energy spend includes equity investments, long-term contracts like power
purchase agreements (PPAs) and virtual power purchase agreements (vPPAs), as well
as some renewable energy credits. For PPAs/vPPAs, the allocated amount is calculated
as the net present value of future cash flows based on estimated annual production
in megawatts and power price over the contract term. Because of this allocation
methodology, the financial allocations to the 2019 Green Bond use of proceeds may
not proportionally match the expected carbon contributions that we expect from each
category in Apple’s 2030 carbon neutrality roadmap.
5.See not e 2.
6.  Star ting with fiscal year 2022, we’re calculating greenhouse gas emissions mitigated or
offset using the projected lifetime benefits of eligible projects from cumulative allocationsfor the period from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2022. Project lifetimes range from
1 to 25 years.
7.Based on our FY 21 carbon footprint.
8. See our announcement here .
9. ELYSIS was used in the production of the 16-inch MacBook Pro that was released in
2019. The 16-inch MacBook Pro released in 2021 now features a 100 percent recycled
aluminum enclosure.
10.  W e have been at 100 percent renewable energy for corporate facilities since
January 1, 2018.
This Green Bond Report (the “Report”) contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. For example, statements in this Report regarding the potential future impact of allocated projects. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “projected,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and Apple’s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of Apple’s Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors” as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Apple assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.
This Report has been prepared for information purposes only. Apple does not make any 
warranties or representations as to the completeness or reliability of the information, opinions or conclusions expressed herein. This Report is not intended to provide the basis for the evaluation of any securities issued by Apple. This Report should not be construed and does  
not constitute an invitation, recommendation or offer to subscribe for or purchase any of Apple’s securities. Under no circumstances shall Apple or its affiliates be liable for any loss, damage, liability or expense incurred or suffered which is claimed to have resulted from use  
of this Report.
© 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and MacBook Pro are 
trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. March 2023
12
Annual Green Bond Impact Report  |  Fiscal Year 2022 UpdateAppendix
Sustainalytics Review 
Ernst & Young LLP Use of Proceeds Examination
© Sustainalytics 202 2   
Apple Inc.  
Type of Engagement:  Annual Review  
Date:  February  28, 2023  
Engagement Team:  
Taylor Whitfield , taylor.whitfield@sustainalytics.com , (+1) 416 861 0403  
Debjeet Mukherjee , debjeet.mukherjee@sustainalytics.com  
 
Introduction  
In November 2019,  Apple Inc. (“Apple”)  issued green bonds aimed at financing projects that have positive 
environmental impacts, with the goal of reducing the carbon footprint associated  with Apple’s own operations 
and more broadly across its entire value chain.  Apple  engaged Sustainalytics to review the projects to which 
green  bond  proceeds were allocated during Apple’s fiscal year 202 2 and provide an assessment as to whether 
the proje cts met the use of proceeds criteria and the reporting commitments outlined in the Apple Green Bond 
Framework  (the “Framework”) .1 Sustainalytics provided a Second -Party Opinion2 on the Framework in 
November 2019 , as well as  annual review s for Apple’s allocations for fiscal year s 20203  and 2021 .4   
Evaluation Criteria  
Sustainalytics evaluated the projects to which  green bond proceeds were allocated in Apple’s fiscal year  2022  
(between 26 September 2021,  and 24 September  2022 ) based on whether the selected projects:  
1. Met the use of proceeds and Eligibility Criteria outlined in the Framework ; and  
2. Reported on a Key Performance Indicator (KPI) for each use of proceeds criteria  outlined in the 
Framework . 
 
Table 1 lists the Use of Proceeds , Eligibility Criteria, and associated KPIs while Table 2 lists the detailed 
findings . 
  
 
1 For  Apple 's Green Bond Framework , see the section “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus Supplement dated November 7, 2019 filed with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission and available at 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312519288412/d804226d424b2.htm#supptoc804226_8 .   
2 The Apple Green Bond Framework Second Party Opinion is available on Sustainalytics’ website a t: https://www.sustainalyti cs.com/corporate -
solutions/sustainable -finance -and-lending/published -projects/project/apple -inc/apple -green -bond -framework -second -party -opinion -2019/apple -green -
bond -second -party -opinion -pdf  
3 Sustainalytics’ annual revi ew of Apple’s Framework for the 2020 fiscal year is available on Apple’s website at:  
https://s2.q4cdn.com/470004039/files/doc_downloads/additional_reports/Apple_GreenBond_Report_2020.pdf   
4 Sustainalytics’ annual review of Apple’s Framework for the 2021 fiscal year is available on Apple’s website at:  
https://s2.q4cdn.com/470004039/files/doc_downloads/additional_reports/2022/Apple_GreenBond_Report.pdf   

Annual Review   
Apple Inc.   
  
 
  
 2 
Table 1: Use of Proceeds , Eligibility Criteria , and Associated KPIs  
 
 
 
 
 
Issu ing Entity’s Responsibility  
Apple  is responsible for providing accurate information and documentation relating to the details of the  
projects  to which green bonds  proceeds  have been allocated , including description of projects, amounts 
allocated , and project impact.  
Independence and Quality C ontrol  
Sustainalytics, a leading provider of ESG and corporate governance research and ratings  to investors , 
conducted the verification of Apple ’s green bond Use of Proceeds . The work undertaken as part of this 
engagement included collection of documenta tion from Apple  employees and review of documentation to 
confirm  the conformance with the Framework . 
Sustainalytics relied on the information and the facts presented by Apple  with respect to projects  to which 
green bond proceeds were allocated for Apple’s 2022 fiscal year . Sustainalytics is not responsible nor shall it 
 
5 Starting fiscal year 2022, Apple  changed its  methodology for quantifying the carbon benefits of eligible projects to a project lifetime calculation . As a 
result, Apple has revised its  KPIs and , going forward,  will be  report ing on two KPIs for allocations:  1) Lifetime carbon benefit  of projects  (tCO 2e), which 
will also capture  the previously reported average annual GHG emissions avoided  KPI, and 2) Renewable energy capacity  (MW).  Apple believes that this 
change enables it to better reflect total benefits, while accounting for varying project lifetimes.  
6 Lifetime greenhouse gas emissions mitigated or offset includes the combined impact of all projects over the course of their l ifetimes which range from 
1 to 25 years.  Use of 
Proceeds  Eligibility Criteria  Key Performance 
Indicators  (KPIs)5 
Low Carbon 
Design  • Expenditures related to the development or 
procurement of less carbon -intensive products 
and materials (compared to an established 
“pre-activity” baseline), such as improving 
product power usage efficiency, using 
materials produced from manufacturing 
processes requiring lesser greenhouse gas 
emissions, or sourcing materials with recycled 
or renewable content . 
• Lifetime carbon 
benefit6 (tCO 2e) 
• Renewable energy 
capacity (MW)  Energy 
Efficiency  • Expenditures related to the development of 
energy efficiency projects intended to reduce 
emissions in new or existing corporate and 
supply chain facilities, such as sensors and 
controls, energy management systems, and 
facility design, commission ing, and retrofits . 
Emissions 
Abatement  • Expenditures related to the development of 
projects intended to reduce direct and process 
emissions (compared to an established “pre -
activity” baseline) from Apple’s and its 
supplier’s operations, such as abating d irect 
emissions from manufacturing or sourcing 
non-fossil low carbon fuels . 
Renewable 
Energy  • Expenditures related to the development of 
renewable energy projects intended to reduce 
emissions in Apple’s corporate facilities and 
supply chain, such as solar and wind projects, 
or associated energy storage solutions . 
Carbon 
Removal  • Expenditures related to the development of 
projects that sequester carbon, such as habitat 
restoration and conservatio n. 
Annual Review   
Apple Inc.   
  
 
  
 3 
be held liable if any of  the opinions, findings , or conclusions it has set forth herein are not correct due to 
incorrect or incomplete  data provided by Apple . 
Sustainalytics made all efforts to ensure the highest quality and rigor during its assessment process and 
enlisted its Sustainability Bonds Review Committee to provide oversight of the review.  
Conclusion  
Based on the limited assurance procedures conducted,7 nothing has come to Sustainalytics’ attention that 
causes us to believe that, in all material respects, the reviewed projects , to which green bond proceeds were 
allocated for Apple’s 202 2 fiscal year , are not in  conform ance  with the Use of Proceeds and reporting criteria 
outlined in the Framework . Apple  has disclosed to Sustainalytics that  32% of the net green bond proceeds 
have been allocated as of the close of Apple’s 20 22 fiscal year.  
Detailed Findings  
Table 2: Detailed Findings  
Eligibility 
Criteria  Procedure Performed  Factual Findings  Error or 
Exceptions 
Identified  
Use of 
Proceeds 
Criteria  Verification of the projects to which green 
bond proceeds were allocated in FY202 2 to 
determine if projects aligned with the Use 
of Proceeds criteria outlined in the 
Framework and above in Table 1.  All nine  projects  
financed  in FY2022 
reviewed compl ied with 
the Use of Proceeds 
criteria.  None  
Reporting 
Criteria  Verification of the projects to which green 
bond proceeds were allocated in FY2022 to 
determine if the impact of the projects was 
reported in line with the KPI s outlined in the 
Framework and above in Table 1.  
For a list of KPIs Apple report ed, please 
refer to Appendix 2.  All nine  projects 
financed in FY2022 
reviewed  reported a KPI 
per the Use of Proceeds 
criteria.  None  
  
 
7 Sustainalytics limited  assurance process includes reviewing the documentation relating to the details of the funded projects, including description of 
projects, estimated and realized costs of projects, and project impact, as provided by the Issuer , which is responsible for pro viding accurate information. 
Sustainalytics has not conducted on -site visits to projects.  
Annual Review   
Apple Inc.   
  
 
  
 4 
Append ices 
Apple has allocated  USD 156.56 million  to eligible projects  in its 2022 fiscal year ( 26 September 2021 to 24 
September  2022) , and a total of USD 706.54 million  to 59 projects since  Apple’s 2020 fiscal year , as outlined 
in the table below:  
Appendix 1: Allocation Report ing 
Use of Proceeds 
Category8 FY2022 Allocation  
(USD million)  Cumulative Allocation  
(USD million)  
Low Carbon Design  29.10  57.18  
Energy Efficiency  1.24  4.91  
Emissions 
Abatement  2.08  7.25  
Renewable Energy  85.24  589.69  
Carbon Removal  38.90  47.51  
Total Allocation  156.56  706.54  
Net proceeds raised (USD million)  2,192 .29 
Percentage allocation  32%  
 Appendix 2: Impact Reporting  
KPI9 Output  figures  
Lifetime carbon benefit10,11 (tCO 2e) 13,585,915  
Renewable energy capacity12 (MW)  707 
In addition to the above quantified benefits, Apple estimates that a number of projects will have indirect 
carbon benefits across its supply chain from investments in R&D, supplier capacity building, and renewable 
energy policy advocacy.  
  
 
8 Apple has shared with Sustainalytics the rationale  for ensuring alignment of the financed projects with the criteria defined in the Framework.  
9 Starting fiscal year 2022, Apple  changed its  methodology in quantifying benefits of eligible projects to a project lifetime calculation . As a result, Apple 
has r evised its  KPIs and , going forward,  will be  report ing on two KPIs for allocations: 1) Lifetime carbon benefit  of the projects  (tCO 2e), which will also 
capture  the previously -reported average annual GHG emissions avoided , and 2) Renewable energy capacity  (MW). Apple  has communicated that  this 
change enables it to better reflect total benefits, while accounting for varying project lifetimes . 
10 Projected lifetime benefits from cumulative allocations. Project lifetimes range from 1 t o 25 years.  As of the end of FY2022,  none of the financed 
projects are beyond 25 years.  
11 GHG  emissions mitigated or offset . 
12 Cumulative over the life of the green bond . 
Annual Review   
Apple Inc.   
  
 
  
 5 
Disclaimer  
Copy right ©202 3 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved.  
The information, methodologies  and opinions  contained or reflected herein are proprietary of Sustainalytics 
and/or its third party suppliers  (Third Party Data), and  may  be made available to third parties onl y in the form 
and format disclosed by Sustainalytics, or  provided that appropriate citation and acknowledgement is 
ensured. They  are provided for informational purposes only and (1) do not constitute an endorsement of any 
product or project;  (2) do not con stitute investment advice, financial advice  or a prospectus; (3) cannot be 
interpreted as an offer or indication to buy or sell securities, to select a project or make any kind of business 
transactions; (4) do not represent an assessment of the issuer’s ec onomic performance, financial obligations 
nor of its creditworthiness;  and/or  (5) have not and cannot be incorporated into any offering disclosure.  
These are  based  on information made available by the issuer and therefore are not warranted as to their 
merc hantability, completeness, accuracy, up -to-dateness or fitness for a particular purpose. The information 
and data are provided “as is” and reflect Sustainalytics ’ opinion at the date of their elaboration and publication. 
Sustainalytics accepts no liability  for damage arising from the use of the information, data or opinions 
contained herein, in any manner whatsoever, except where explicitly required by law. Any reference to third 
party names or Third Party Data is for appropriate acknowledgement of their ow nership and does not 
constitute a sponsorship or endorsement by such owner. A list of our third -party data providers and their 
respective terms of use is available on our website. For more information, 
visit http://www.sustainalytics.com/legal -disclaimers . 
The issuer is fully responsible for certifying and ensuring the compliance with its commitments, for their 
implementation and monitoring.  
In case of discrepancies between the English language and translated versions, the English language version 
shall prevail.   
Annual Review  
Apple Inc.  
 6 
About Sustainalytics, a Morningstar Company  
Sustainalytics, a Morningstar Company, is a leading ESG research, ratings and data firm  that supports 
investors around the world with the development and implementation of responsible investment strategies. 
For more than 30 years, the firm has been at the forefront of developing high -quality, innovative solutions to 
meet the evolving needs o f global investors. Today, Sustainalytics works with hundreds of the world’s leading 
asset managers and pension funds who incorporate ESG and corporate governance information and 
assessments into their investment processes. Sustainalytics also works with h undreds of companies and 
their financial intermediaries to help them consider sustainability in policies, practices and capital projects. 
With 17 offices globally, Sustainalytics has more than 1500 staff members, including more than 500 analysts 
with varie d multidisciplinary expertise across more than 40 industry groups.  
For more information, visit www.sustainalytics.com  
Or contact us contact@sustainalytics.com  

Report of Independent Accountants
To the Management of Apple Inc.:
We have examined management’s assertion, in Exhibit A, that $706.5 million of net proceeds from the 0.000%
notes due 2025 and 0.500% notes due 2031 issued by Apple Inc. (“Apple”) were allocated, during the period
from September 29, 2019 to September 24, 2022 (the “Reporting Period”), to qualifying Eligible Projects that
meet one or more of the Eligibility Criteria (each as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Prospectus
Supplement dated November 7, 2019, to the Prospectus dated November 5, 2018, filed by Apple on
November 8, 2019, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended). Apple’s management is responsible for the assertion, having a reasonable
basis for its assertion, selection of the Eligibility Criteria and the allocation, during the Reporting Period, of
amounts to Eligible Projects that meet one or more of the Eligibility Criteria. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the assertion based on our examination.
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“AICPA”). Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects.
An examination involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about management’s assertion. The nature,
timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of management’s assertion, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence
we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
We are required to be independent of Apple and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, as applicable for
examination engagements set forth in the Preface: Applicable to All Members and Part 1 – Members in Public
Practice of the Code of Professional Conduct established by the AICPA.
Our examination was not conducted for the purpose of evaluating (i) whether funds in excess of the net proceeds
were allocated to Eligible Projects during the Reporting Period, (ii) the amount allocated to each category of
Eligible Projects during the Reporting Period, (iii) that any payments made pursuant to any power purchase
agreements or virtual power purchase agreements to which amounts were allocated during the Reporting Period
were in accordance with such agreements, (iv) the environmental benefits of the Eligible Projects,
(v) conformance of any Eligible Projects with any third-party published principles, standards or frameworks,
such as the Green Bond Principles, dated June 2018, published by the International Capital Market Association
or (vi) any information included in Apple’s Annual Green Bond Impact Report, Fiscal Year 2022 Update, other
than management’s assertion. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance other
than on management’s assertion included in Exhibit A.
In our opinion, management’s assertion, included in Exhibit A, that $706.5 million in net proceeds from the
0.000% notes due 2025 and 0.500% notes due 2031 issued by Apple were allocated during the Reporting Period
to qualifying Eligible Projects that met one or more of the Eligibility Criteria is fairly stated, in all material
respects.

February 24, 2023 
San Jose, California
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited  Ernst & Young LLP  
303 Almaden Boulevard  
San Jose, CA  95110  Tel: +1 408 947 5500  
Fax: +1 408 947 5717  
ey.com  
  
Apple One Apple Park Way Cupertino, CA 95014 T 408 996-1010 F 408 996-0275 www.apple.com Exhibit A  Apple Inc. Management’s Assertion We assert that $706.5 million of net proceeds were allocated from our issuance of the 0.000% notes due 2025 and 0.500% notes due 2031, during the period from September 29, 2019 to September 24, 2022 (the “Reporting Period”), to qualifying Eligible Projects that meet one or more of the Eligibility Criteria (each as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Prospectus Supplement dated November 7, 2019, to the Prospectus dated November 5, 2018, filed by Apple Inc. (“Apple”) on November 8, 2019, with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). The Eligibility Criteria are also set forth in Table 1 below. Apple’s management is responsible for this assertion, including selection of the Eligibility Criteria and the allocation, during the Reporting Period, of amounts to Eligible Projects that meet one or more of the Eligibility Criteria. We worked with an outside party, a leading provider of second-party opinions for green, social, sustainability and KPI-linked bonds and loans, to provide a second party opinion on the Apple Green Bond framework at the time of issuance. We have engaged them annually thereafter to review the projects to which net proceeds were allocated and provide an assessment as to whether the projects met the Use of Proceeds criteria and the reporting commitments outlined in our Green Bond framework.  Table 1: Eligibility Criteria “Low carbon” design and engineering expenditures related to the development or procurement of less carbon-intensive products and materials (compared to an established “pre-activity” baseline), such as improving product power usage efficiency, using materials produced from manufacturing processes requiring lesser greenhouse gas emissions, or sourcing materials with recycled or renewable content,  Energy efficiency expenditures related to the development of energy efficiency projects intended to reduce emissions in new or existing corporate and supply chain facilities, such as sensors and controls, energy management systems, and facility design, commissioning, and retrofits,  Renewable energy building on our successful transition to 100% renewable electricity at our facilities, expenditures related to the development of renewable energy projects intended to reduce emissions in our corporate facilities and supply chain, such as solar and wind projects, or associated energy storage solutions, including work to advance market structures, regulations and policy that support renewable energy through coalition and capacity building,  Carbon mitigation expenditures related to the development of projects intended to reduce direct and process emissions (compared to an established “pre-activity” baseline) from Apple’s and our supplier’s operations, such as abating 
 
 direct emissions from manufacturing or sourcing non-fossil low carbon fuels, and  Carbon sequestration expenditures related to the development of projects that sequester carbon, such as habitat restoration and conservation.    Note 1: Apple Inc. or its subsidiaries directly invest in Eligible Projects in its own operations or its suppliers’ operations. Note 2: Proceeds are considered allocated upon the date of commercial operations for power purchase agreements or virtual power purchase agreements. The allocated amount is calculated as the net present value of future cash flows based on estimated annual production in megawatts and power price over the contract term. The determination of the amount to be allocated to the power purchase agreements and virtual power purchase agreements involves estimates. Actual results could differ from those estimates and those differences may be material. Note 3: The net proceeds allocated to carbon sequestration projects include the purchase of carbon offsets.  